README.md, before:

# Joint Normalizer

Normalization logic for Joint Kit payloads.

<br />

## Table of Contents

* [Introduction][section-introduction]
* [How to Use][section-how-to-use]
* [API][section-api]
* [For Developers][section-for-developers]
* [License][section-license]


## Introduction

[TBC]

## How to Use

### Install

``` sh
$ npm install joint-normalizer --save
```


## API

### Constructor

#### _Constructor Options_

| Name              | Required? | Description |
| ----------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| debugInit         | No        | Set to `true` to log debug messages during instantiation. Defaults to `false`. |
| debugToModel      | No        | Set to `true` to log debug messages during Model object hydration. Defaults to `false`. |
| debug             | No        | Set to `true` to log debug messages during instance utilization. Defaults to `false`. |
| payloadSpec       | No        | The output specification of the Joint payload. Defaults to `json-api`. |
| fieldForModelType | No        | The property name in the payload that identifies the name of the Model type. Defaults to `type`. |
| models | No        | The Model object definitions (shapes) that the normalizer will build and return (if instructed). Provide the model definitions as an Object. |

### Instance

#### _Instance Properties_

| Name        | Type    | Description |
| ----------- | ------- | ----------- |
| ...         | ...     | [TBC - List all properties] |
| Model       | Function | The Model factory that is constructed with the `models` provided at instantiation. If a payload type is handled by the normalizer, and a valid Model definition cannot be determined, the normalizer will simply return the generic normalized shape. |


#### _Instance Functions_

> All functions are synchronous.

| Name         | Parameters | Returns | Description |
| ------------ | ---------- | ------- | ----------- |
| normalizePayload | `payload` - the payload to normalize. `asModel` - whether or not to return a Model object. | The normalized payload (generic object -or- Model object) | Perform the normalization of a provided Joint payload. |


### Errors

[TBC]


## For Developers

### Dev Lint

The plugin uses [ESLint][link-eslint-site] for source code linting. The linting will run automatically on `git commit`.

``` sh
$ npm run lint
```


### Dev Test

The plugin uses [Mocha][link-mocha-site] for the testing framework,
and [Chai][link-chai-site] and [Chai-HTTP][link-chai-http-site] for its assertions.

``` sh
$ npm run test
```

### Dev Build

The plugin is automatically built on `npm publish`. But, you can manually build the plugin using:

``` sh
$ npm run build-plugin
```


## License

[MIT](LICENSE)


[section-introduction]: #introduction
[section-how-to-use]: #how-to-use
[section-api]: #api
[section-for-developers]: #for-developers
[section-license]: #license

[link-eslint-site]: https://eslint.org
[link-mocha-site]: https://mochajs.org
[link-chai-site]: http://chaijs.com
[link-chai-http-site]: http://chaijs.com/plugins/chai-http

Commit message:

Added support for attribute format transformation (snake|kebab|camel)

README.md, after:

# Joint Normalizer

Normalization logic for common HTTP response payloads.
> Currently supports JSON API Spec only.

<br />

## Table of Contents

* [Introduction][section-introduction]
* [How to Use][section-how-to-use]
* [API][section-api]
* [For Developers][section-for-developers]
* [License][section-license]


## Introduction

[TBC]

## How to Use

### Install

``` sh
$ npm install joint-normalizer --save
```


## API

### Constructor

#### _Constructor Options_

| Name              | Required? | Description |
| ----------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| debugInit         | No        | Set to `true` to log debug messages during instantiation. Defaults to `false`. |
| debugToModel      | No        | Set to `true` to log debug messages during Model object hydration. Defaults to `false`. |
| debug             | No        | Set to `true` to log debug messages during instance utilization. Defaults to `false`. |
| payloadSpec       | No        | The output specification of the Joint payload. Defaults to `'json-api'`. |
| fieldForModelType | No        | The property name in the payload that identifies the name of the Model type. Defaults to `'type'`. |
| toFieldFormat     | No        | The target format (case) for normalized fields. Supported formats: `'snake'`, `'kebab'`, `'camel'`. Defaults to `'snake'`. |
| fromFieldFormat   | No        | The source format (case) of the payload\'s fields. This declaration is not necessary for functional correctness, but will merely suppress unnecessary transformations (and loops) when the source and target match. Supported formats: `'snake'`, `'kebab'`, `'camel'`. Defaults to `'snake'`. |
| models            | No        | The Model object definitions (shapes) that the normalizer will build and return (if instructed). Provide the model definitions as an Object. |

### Instance

#### _Instance Properties_

| Name        | Type    | Description |
| ----------- | ------- | ----------- |
| ...         | ...     | [TBC - List all properties] |
| Model       | Function | The Model factory that is constructed with the `models` provided at instantiation. If a payload type is handled by the normalizer, and a valid Model definition cannot be determined, the normalizer will simply return the generic normalized shape. |


#### _Instance Functions_

> All functions are synchronous.

| Name         | Parameters | Returns | Description |
| ------------ | ---------- | ------- | ----------- |
| normalizePayload | `payload` - the payload to normalize. `asModel` - whether or not to return a Model object. | The normalized payload (generic object -or- Model object) | Perform the normalization of a provided Joint payload. |


### Errors

[TBC]


## For Developers

### Dev Lint

The plugin uses [ESLint][link-eslint-site] for source code linting. The linting will run automatically on `git commit`.

``` sh
$ npm run lint
```


### Dev Test

The plugin uses [Mocha][link-mocha-site] for the testing framework,
and [Chai][link-chai-site] for its assertions.

``` sh
$ npm run test
```

To build the plugin before running the test, you can use:
``` sh
$ npm run build-test
```


### Dev Build

The plugin is automatically built on `npm publish`. But, you can manually build the plugin using:

``` sh
$ npm run build
```


## License

[MIT](LICENSE)


[section-introduction]: #introduction
[section-how-to-use]: #how-to-use
[section-api]: #api
[section-for-developers]: #for-developers
[section-license]: #license

[link-eslint-site]: https://eslint.org
[link-mocha-site]: https://mochajs.org
[link-chai-site]: http://chaijs.com
